quick quick slow quick quick slow
Chloe quick slow quick quick slow
left side rocket close left foot forward
right foot side left close right foot
back left foot side right for close left
foot forward right foot side lots of
close right foot back
click quick slow quick quick slow quick
quick slow
totally quick slow one two three four
one two three four one two three four
one two three four left its side
breathitt close left foot forward
wrap it side left it close right the
back left side right the close left foot
forward right foot side Luckett close
right foot back
quick quick slow quick quick slow quick
quick slow quick quick slow
one two three four one two three four
right foot slides off the close right
foot back left side right the close left
foot forward right foot forward left
foot forward right foot back left foot
side right foot close left foot forward
quick quick slow quick quick slow quick
quick slow quick quick slow one two
three four one two three four one two
three four one two three four right foot
sides left with close right there back
left with side rock the clothes left it
forward right foot forward left foot
forward right foot back left foot side
with the clothes left foot forward
Kovach quick slow quick quick slow quick
quick slow quick quick slow one two
three four one two three four one two
three four one two three four